EVA-Procedure-Writer
====================

Improved method of editing EVA procedures with strong revision 
control and ability for multiple parties to be working in parallel.


Document Structure
------------------

1. Create "document" file, which includes a list of imported sections
+ Create "section" files
  + Main type is 3-column
  + Also have 2-column (or better yet, n-column)
  + Will need to account for Summary Timeline, Tool Config, NCW, Inhibit 
    Pad, Briefing Card, Task Data, etc
+ Use "template" files for things like PGT, APFR, tether callouts


Document Files
--------------

Basically defines a table of contents of sections and imports the
sections. Document files will also specify the info on the header and
footer of each page (only that which is common for all pages in the 
document). 

Thus, document files will need to have a "headers" part to cover the
pan-document information, followed by a "toc" part to define which 
sections to import.

One method of accomplishing these separate parts would be to use an
XML-like tag-structure. But this seems like overkill considering we're
aiming for most of the files to have a Markdown-like structure. Instead
the "headers" part can be defined by a level-one Markdown header of
"Headers" followed by perhaps JSON-like syntax for headers info. Or,
hell, why not just drop a JSON object right in there?

The "toc" section can then be defined by a level-one Markdown header of
"TOC". The actual list of imported sections doesn't really need to use
normal Markdown list structure. Just a newline-separated list of import
functions should suffice.

For the import function, I was thinking that I'd do something like:

    @import:Failed Pump Module Removal
    @import:Failed Pump Module Stow on POA

But then I realized all these sections are being imported, so actually 
saying "import" is unnecessary. So the following should suffice:

    Failed Pump Module Removal
    Failed Pump Module Stow on POA

This could get shaken up a bit if the summary timeline is automatically
generated by the lengths of the sections...


Section Files
-------------

Ideally the timeline section types (n-column types) will know something
about their durations. In other words, either the whole section will be
defined as a particular length, such that the whole section can appear
in the summary timeline, or sub-sections will have lengths. A whole
section having a length could be problematic when one crewmember enters
a section at a different time than another. For example, one crewmember
may only spend 60 minutes on a task while the other spends 90.

Like the document files, the section files will require "headers" info
in addtion to the body of their content. This file division can be 
accomplished in the same manner. The headers section can have a JSON
object defining all the required header information. One major piece of
information that may be captured here is type of section it is: tool
config, n-column, task data, etc. This, however, could be covered in
the TOC of the document file, but probably not.

The second section will be called "Content". It will be composed of
very simplified method of distinguishing columns and rows. The goal of 
this will be to make a table format easily readable in text format as
well.


Template Files
--------------

These differ from section files since they must have inputs. Also, they
are intended to be small snippets, not multi-page text. Furthermore, 
they will be pulled from a central repository of mostly unchanging 
standardized formatting.

These will be called using something like:

    @PGT(B7, CCW2, 30.5, 7/16 x 6" wobble)
